2. A software license determines how your software can be used by other people. Without a proper license, your code can be stolen, plagiarized, or redistributed without your permission. Using the correct type of license gives you full control over the rights that other people have to your software.
3. If a piece of software does not have an explicit license you cannot be sure of the intent of the author. He or she might consider your use of the code to be unacceptable or possible illegal. The author might also decide at a later date to choose a restrictive license that illegitimates your use of the code, forcing you to replace it. 
4. Gopher attempted to perfect the protocol themselves, rather than release it to the community. HTTP gained a larger following by releasing early and allowing a community to grow to improve it. Gopher also required a licensing fee, which many open source advocated vehemently oppose. In the end, competing visions for the project forked Gopher and prevented standardization. HTTP used the Internet Engineering Task Force to develop a common standard, and quickly overtook Gopher.
5. The Android project uses the Apache 2.0 license which allows for modification and redistribution. This allows handset manufactures to make changes to the android source and distribute custom versions of Android for their phones. The Android Apache license is non copy-left, so handset manufactures do not need to release their changes under the original apache license. This is preferable for manufactures so they may make proprietary improvements without fear that it will be easily copied by other phone makers.
6. MIT License
7. GPL license is best for the common good because it requires that all additions to the software also be released as open source, thus increasing the amount of open source software.
BSD is best for companies because it is the least restrictive and allows companies to use open and modify source code in products that they sell.
LGPL is best for developers because it provides some restrictions as to how your open source software may be used but does not require proprietary additions to be released as open source too.
9. My team will be building a “prioritized progress tracker” called Backlog. It will manage certain types of tasks, such as homework assignments and studying for tests and allows you to define information about these tasks (deadline, estimated time to complete, priority, etc.). Once the tasks are defined the application will sort your tasks in the order it recommends you complete them. You can update the task when it’s been partially completed or finished. The final product will be a web app that works on desktop and smartphones. The client side code will be Javascript and the server side will be Node.js. It will also have a NoSQL database.